every one today I'm going to show you
the pro grade and tombstone combination
kit for the kettle Pizza Pizza Oven
accessory and the cooking everything
outdoors show
so let's take a look at our program
tombstone combination kit because this
is really cool this is for all you
hardcore pizza makers out there they
want to take your kettle Pizza
experience and knock it up a few notches
inside you're going to get your heavy
heavy tombstone and the first thing
you're going to notice is that obviously
it's fragile but that you need to make
sure that you wash this but with water
only now I'll tell you and it says here
there may be some slight imperfections
and that's not going to affect the
cooking at all in any way shape or form
but do not cook with this until it is
completely dry so wash it off with water
and put it out in the Sun not in an oven
or on the stove to dry just put it out
in the Sun until it's completely dry you
don't want this to crack on you and look
at that that is five eighths of an inch
quarter right which is the ideal surface
for baking pizzas breads calzones
whatever you can think of now inside of
each kit comes a complete assembly and
usage guide and this is our Hickory
chunk rear basket our pro great makes
all this come together
this is 304 stainless steel will not
rust let's put all this together now
assembly is very very simple
you simply take your 5/8 inch cord I'd
pizza stone place it in the holder on
your pro grate and then your basket when
it's time to put this in the kettle
simply sets towards the rear this
replaces the grill cooking grate that
you have in your pizza kettle right now
so you have your kettle pizza pizza oven
conversion kit your pro great with your
3/8 inch cord i pizza stone and you want
to just set this in there now I find
that the best way to do this is to hold
the inside bracket and the core tight
baking stone put it in towards a
thermometer side first gently set that
down to the first wing nut the second
wing nut and then the third wing nut and
you have that assembled and ready to go
so putting this on the Weber Kettle is
just as simple as the first time
transport it over to your grill set it
in place put the lid on it and you are
now ready to rock and roll
you